TIVECT Volume 1:
Global Rescale

By Cadecraft & AMC45
2022


I. Preface
Red Shirt once declared to the vast crowd gathered at his coronation: “This world is not simply mine; it is ours--and we shall make the most of it.”

In an increasingly homogenous Internet, uniqueness in game design has become all too scarce. More and more video games are relying on preestablished tactics, ranging from overall playstyles and controls to even the mechanics of block placement or world generation themselves, finding that reusing existing methods is the easiest and most successful way to earn profit quickly. Games are, now more than ever, starting to look the same.
But some game developers go against this easy path of relying on traditional values; some game developers make their games truly distinct, and truly representative of their own personality and character. In this essay, we’ll be exploring one of these rare, unique websites, an experience that takes the walls our homogenous world has built and tears them down. Its name: Tivect.
Tivect is a 2d “game” in which the player can explore a vast procedurally generated world, single player and multiplayer, pvp, pve, build. These are the words that greet players worldwide, united by their dedication to this website, this game, to this life--players who congregate in Discord servers, Fandom wikis, and real-life discussions, to disseminate their ideas about this truly exceptional web game. These players have been irreversibly changed by a game which appears simple on the surface, but hides immense lore and deep meaning in every feature.
In short, Tivect is a story about trauma, pain, and communism, and how one event can reverse an entire civilization's trajectory into the agrarian past; it is a story about the purpose of life, the persistence of memory, and the meaning of science; a story about what fulfillment really means.
This is the story of a world beyond our own. This is the story of Tivect.

II. The Past
A decade after the Global Rescale Event, Red Shirt proclaimed: “We will never be the same.”

In an age long ago, the world was rich and prosperous. People from all nations contributed to a successful democratic, capitalist system as science, technology, and innovation advanced at unprecedented rates. This prosperous golden age was, for the most part, due to the Tivect Space Race, the search for rare metals around the Solar System by multiple large corporations, which greatly stimulated the economy and provided employment; in addition, the spread of vernacular literature and Cyan Shirt’s philosophies of Self-Intrinsicism shifted focus from competing political ideologies to the accumulation of wealth and knowledge through hard work. Thus, while automated processes served as an efficient workforce, the average inhabitant of Tivect World was wealthy, diligent, and devoted to raising the Tivect civilization through their own success. Malthusian crises were a thing of the past. This was a truly glorious age--an age of advancement, prosperity, and freedom, an age at the threshold of the stars. But, like all good things, it couldn’t last.
The Tivect Golden Age was shattered by one catastrophe, a catastrophe that extended beyond the fourth wall and brought chaos to both Tivect World and real life. This catastrophe was the Global Rescale Event.
On an ordinary day in October 2021, the developer released an update to Tivect. It was pushed like any other, with no warning. But this update had drastic consequences, as the developer made a fatal flaw in the code. The world had transformed relatively into a 3x3 cube of dirt.
In-game, the inhabitants of Tivect World were going about their daily tasks when it happened. For most of them, their world had been constrained into a tiny cube of dirt, and they were sealed inside, left to suffocate. Others met a worse fate--some ten thousand civilians fell straight down into the void below and were never seen again. The issue was patched in minutes, and the majority of the Tivect people physically survived, but their minds would never be the same again.
A man known as Red Shirt, an inhabitant of the Northwestern Slate Province, was one of those traumatized by the Global Rescale Event. He had been walking to a park with his friend, Blue Shirt, where they had been planning to drive vehicles with their friend. It was at this moment that the update struck, and the world was transformed. Red shirt was sealed inside the dirt cube, and could do nothing but watch as Blue Shirt fell into the void, disappearing forever.. In his last words, Blue Shirt told Red Shirt that he had to unify the people, as that was the only way to truly save Tivect World: "Friend, never forget: this world is too small for there to be division among us! Unify the people! That is my last dream!"
When the world was restored, Red Shirt began to run. The world suddenly felt small, and claustrophobic, and he wanted nothing more than to see it all, every single block--this was the beginnings of the Explorationism, the ideology based on the concept that the Tivect Civilization must explore the entire extent of Tivect World in order to reassure themselves of its size; this was an escape for those traumatized by the Global Rescale Event. Simultaneously, Red Shirt was subconsciously pondering Blue Shirt's message advocating unity for the people. As he ran across the vast pastures, feeling closed in by the blocks around him, he said the famous words that defined the future: "I have to bring the people together, for Blue Shirt, and for Tivect World!"
Red Shirt was a determined man who was capable of spreading his message. He advocated Explorationism and Communism, which were later joined into the official ideology "Explorecom". These ideas were previously unheard-of, but the people had been traumatized by the events of the Global Rescale Event, making them receptive to such radical goals.
Within months, all nations of the world had united into the Tivect Union, and Explorer's Guilds had replaced supercorporations as the leading powers. In the past, Tivect civilization had been reaching for the stars, but the Global Rescale Event forced them to instead look down at their feet--planetary exploration became the one and only goal of an entire generation.
In the words of Bob, leader of one of the radical guilds, "We must face the truth sooner or later: this world is too small for us. But this is our home; those who wish to escape into space have betrayed us."
This anti-space sentiment resulted in a swift de-industrialization program led by the Tivect Union. All vehicles, especially Starships, were labeled as "escapism" and outlawed under the justification of nationalism, isolationism, and planetarianism, the predominant belief that planets should have self-governance from the Galactic Superstate. Other industrial systems were also shut down, including some of the largest factories and power plants, and the people turned their back on science and progress in favor of these radical ideologies.
By the time a new generation emerged, however, the moral sin of owning a vehicle was not as prominent, as this new generation had not experienced the Rescale Event; this is the start of the slow erosion of traditional values that Tivect World would eventually experience as vehicles became increasingly common despite the ban.
Thus, we have set the stage for the new Tivect World: an agrarian world of Explorationism, Communism, and industrial setbacks, a world in which the glorious technological past had faded away, only memorialized in ancient artifacts and the dreams of the elderly. This was the world where Red Shirt's new life truly began.

III. A Leader’s Responsibility
Red Shirt, organizing the winter coup, said: “The Taliop is a traitor to all of us.”

In the decades that followed, Red Shirt’s influence grew swiftly. His name and his words reached the ears of nearly every Tivect citizen. Then, one day, he took the first step towards the Tivect Protectorate, a global dictatorship. Long regarded as the father of Explorationism, and thus supported by radicals across the planet, he organized a coup against the Tivect Union’s representative leadership and began his rise to power.
It was a calm winter day when his loyal troops infiltrated the Capital City. The thick snow muffled their footfalls as they stepped into the Government Building’s courtyard. Their mission was to execute the elected leader of the Tivect Union, the Great Taliop.
They opened the door to his bedroom at midnight. The Great Taliop, awoken from his sleep, had a fearful expression.
“R-Red shirt?”
“Is it true that you are maintaining a private factory for arms production?” Red Shirt aggressively inquired.
“What is the meaning of this? How did you get inside the Government Building?!”
Red Shirt unsheathed the ancient Beta Sword, a legendary sword used in the pre-Golden-Age Waste War.
“Answer me.”
“Yes, I do have a factory, but it is within the rights of our United Constitution…”
“Then you have been denying our civilization’s glorious de-industrialized destiny, Great Taliop. Prepare to face the consequences.”
Red Shirt and his troops surrounded the Taliop. Red Shirt proclaimed, “On behalf of the Explorers’ Guilds and their dream, we sentence you to execution for treason against the Tivect people and violation of the Explorecom principles which guide our civilization to perfection.”
“Don’t do this,” begged the Taliop.
In one clean stroke of the Beta Sword, the Taliop was beheaded.
“I am your leader now,” announced Red Shirt.
In the following years, Red Shirt disposed of all remaining hints to the past on Tivect World--the last of the factories were burned to the ground; private property was abolished; batteries and solar panels were strictly forbidden; scientific texts were banned; the people further embraced the Explorecom ideologies, which were disseminated through compulsory education. Red Shirt also centralized power, dismantling the Union’s previous bureaucracy and replacing it with the Tivect Protectorate, in which he was the absolute ruler.
For every Tivect citizen, their only goal in life, imposed and reinforced time and time again by society, was to explore the world using low-technology nomadic tactics, and to fulfill their destiny of Explorecom. Every citizen, that is, except for Red Shirt.
Red Shirt, remaining in his palace alone and handling government work which was wholly unnecessary in this new age, began to suffer existential crises. He still remembered what Blue Shirt had told him so many years ago, and he knew that he had succeeded in bringing the people together--yet he also knew that one last task remained in order for him to avenge his old friend. Red Shirt, too, had to explore the world. He, too, had to be a part of the glorious Tivect civilization. Thus, in a hypocritical move that risked sparking harsh retaliation, he hired the world’s best remaining scientists to create a machine to wipe his memories. The only thing left in his mind would be Blue Shirt’s words and his own determination to explore.
On that fateful autumn day, a decade after the execution of the Great Taliop, the lead scientist pressed a large red button on the side of the machine. Using the only remaining vehicle in the world, the scientists took Red Shirt to a grassy field near the seaside, and left him there to awaken into a new life. They then took the vehicle and fled to the stars, the last memory of the technological and scientific Golden Age leaving Tivect World forever.
In the rest of the universe, Tivect civilization faded from relevance. In the past, Tivect had treasured a place among the stars, but now, those who once provided technology to alien worlds and unveiled the secrets of the universe had now abandoned the galactic stage, allowing other, vaster stellar empires to take their place.
Yet, despite all of this, Red Shirt didn’t care. He had a new life now, and his only goal was to explore.

IV. Exploration
Red Shirt once asked Trader Jeff: “Are you not succumbing to greed?”

Red Shirt opened his eyes on a grassy field. The azure sky above him was clear and the long, waving grass was green. The breezy air teemed with life as small insects buzzed and birds flew towards the pure white clouds. There was not a vehicle in sight.
“Ah, what a clear day,” he mused. “A day perfect for…”
He had nothing in his hands, and nothing in his mind.
“nothing.”
For the first time since his friend’s death, Red Shirt was free.
He began wandering the grass-covered hills, enjoying the faint sound of the ocean in the distance and the smell of the sea breeze. His quest, he knew, was only one word: Explore.
While Red shirt’s mind and memories from after the Global Rescale Event were erased, his mind and his heart remained the same--he had devotion and dedication to the ideologies that were taking shape in his mind. He was resolute in his goal to explore every block of Tivect World.
He began by building a house--a simple abode constructed of grass and dirt, it would allow him to survive the night. His thin, pale hands were used to writing in his administrative office; this was the first time that they had truly felt the world for decades. Nonetheless, Red Shirt was skilled in the art of survival.
Some days passed, and, content that he had touched every block near where he had awoken, he set off towards the nearby seashore. Along the way, he met a tall man in a green shirt named Trader Jeff. This man, it was said, was the wealthiest trader on the coast; though money had been abolished, he had a large pile of rare goods on his back, gleaming in the sunshine.
Red Shirt walked up to the man and asked, “Are you not succumbing to greed?”
“Greed? There is no such thing. I am simply doing what is logical,” the man said confidently.
“Logic? Is logic what matters? What about the people, my good Trader? What about the exploration?”
The man took his backpack off and invited Red Shirt to sit down.
“Look, I don’t know who you are, but I think you’re too addicted to Explorecom. Those are just ideals--they do not apply to reality. We saw what happened to our leader…” he trailed off, leaving the atmosphere tense in the depth of his implication. Yet Red Shirt, his memory of that era erased, was unsure of what he meant.
“I don’t understand…”
“You don’t understand what I mean? Well, you don’t understand those principles that you so confidently preach, either,” said the Trader. “You say that you want exploration, and that you want to turn your back on science, but are those not one and the same? The more we advance in science, the farther and more efficiently we can explore!” The man grinned, sure that his logic was sound.
Red Shirt scoffed. “Logic. You rely too much on logos,” he said, uttering those ancient words of a time long past. “Where is your pathos? Do you even feel for your fellow people? Life is not about efficiency, and simplicity; it is about depth and complexity--those are what make us Tivect. That is what we learned from the global res--” he halted in astonishment.
“What happened?”
Red Shirt gazed at the man’s face. His skin was healthy and his eyes were youthful. “You never lived through the Event, did you?” asked Red Shirt accusingly.
“I- I did not. I was born three years after it happened. It must have been traumatizing for you; I’m so sorry.”
“Traumatizing? No, it- it-”
Red Shirt turned his head to stare into the sky. What had the Global Rescale Event really done to him? His mind was foggy, and the solidity of his convictions was beginning to waver like metal melting in the sun. He remembered the past: the face of the Taliop, the Beta Sword, the great towers and engines and starships of an age long gone. “Oh, the vehicles…” he said, his eyes wide in wonder.
“Vehicles… I thought you people hated vehicles. Anyway, I should go make some more trades.” Trader Jeff stood up, his green shirt lifting up slightly in the breeze to uncover his pocket. In the pocket, Red Shirt thought he saw money--the symbol of capitalism and corruption, of solitude and greed, the symbol of science, and the stars, and the world of peace and prosperity that they had left behind. He broke down into tears as Jeff walked away.
Across the next month, as he explored, he continued to suffer such crises of conflicting pasts. The Global Rescale Event had changed him, and he was now fighting with himself to change back. His eyes could never focus--they were looking into two contradictory pasts, one blurred by memory loss and the other blurred by time.
One night, gazing across the sea, he thought he saw the gleam of a vehicle engine in the far distance. He looked closer and saw that it was just a bright star.


To be continued